=> booking+payment+email after successful payment...

FRONT END
1. collect images from other web sited ....DONE
2. collect descriptions from other websites ....DONE...80%
3. put it here to give a final touch...
4. after payment success...
5. after payment failure...




BACKEND
1. room modification displayPrice, sellingPrice, bookingPrice ....DONE
2. 1st ask adults then adults*2 rooms ....DONE
3. email on checkIn, checkOut, bookingCancled, partiallyBooked -> contact hotel waale...
4. checkOut ko count mt kro booked rooms m...



DESCRIPTION_CHURAYA_HUA_😂
The accommodation will provide you with a balcony and a seating area. Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.

At Orange Sky Inn Beach Huts you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a bar. Other facilities offered at the property include ticket service and luggage storage. The property offers free parking.

The Palolem Beach is 850 m and the Patnem is 2 km. The Canacona Bus Station and the Canacona Railway Station are 2 km. This resort is 47 km from Goa International Airport.

This is our guests' favourite part of Palolem, according to independent reviews.

Couples particularly like the location — they rated it 9.6 for a two-person trip.

We speak your language!




Finding an ideal romantic lodge in Palolem does not have to be difficult. Welcome to Orange Sky Inn Beach Huts, a nice option for travellers like you.

Free internet access is offered to guests, and rooms at Orange Sky Inn Beach Huts offer air conditioning and a desk.

During your stay, take advantage of some of the amenities offered, including 24 hour front desk, a concierge, and express check-in and check-out. Guests of Orange Sky Inn Beach Huts are also welcome to enjoy breakfast, located on site. For travellers arriving by car, free parking is available.

Travellers looking to enjoy some tapas can head to Cafe Inn or Ciarans. Otherwise, you may want to check out a Thai restaurant such as Rococo Pelton Restaurant Bar and Beach Huts, The Bombay Duck Bar and Restaurant, or Roundcube Beach Cafe.

Orange Sky Inn Beach Huts puts the best of Palolem at your fingertips, making your stay both relaxing and enjoyable.




ABOUT THE DESTINATION
The Orange Sky Hub Located at Down st, Palolem, Canacona, Goa, South India. It’s only 2 minutes from Palolem and an hour and a half from the airport. It’s the perfect place to escape the crowds and enjoy the incredible view, luxury and privacy of this unique resort.


18 m² Balcony Garden view Air conditioning  Free WiFi

Shower, Safety deposit box, Toilet, Sofa, Towels, Linen, Socket near the bed, Desk, Seating Area, Private entrance, Fan, Carpeted, Outdoor furniture, Wardrobe or closet, Entire unit located on ground floor, Toilet paper, Hand sanitiser, TV

Single-room air conditioning for guest accommodation

Located in Canacona, 200 m from Palolem Beach, Orange Sky Inn provides accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking, a bar and a garden. Featuring room service, this property also provides guests with a sun terrace. The accommodation features a 24-hour front desk, a shared kitchen and currency exchange for guests.

At the hotel, the rooms have a desk. At Orange Sky Inn, every room is equipped with air conditioning and a private bathroom.

Guests at the accommodation can enjoy an American or an Asian breakfast.

Netravali Wildlife Sanctuary is 22 km from Orange Sky Inn. The nearest airport is Dabolim Airport, 47 km from the hotel.

We speak your language!


Palolem Beach
200 m
Colomb Beach
550 m
Patnem Beach
950 m
Rajbaga Beach
1.7 km
Talpona Beach
3.1 km

kry id  = rzp_test_Cdc5aUYRCpAqBE
secret = mhibCkAqAIvZMS4jYNVUq1X4


id live = rzp_live_YJ7NAqFvrxZQBN
sce live = j7GRdd41v1R0llzsvARKrQFq